German president Frank vashin Maya has
met German Palestinians who were
evacuated from Gaza at a reception in
Berlin they had the chance to share
their stories among them a doctor who
worked at the alifa hospital which has
been the focus of Israel's military
operation in recent days more than 200
German Nationals have left Gaza through
the Rafa Border Crossing into
Egypt German president Frank valter
Stein Meer welcoming a group of people
who have escaped hell
German Palestinians caught up in the war
in
Gaza now safe they got the chance to
share their stories with Germany's head
of
state he heard a lot from us everyone
told their stories what they experienced
in Gaza and how they escaped in the
first place it was a good
conversation Haim Lulu's story is one of
Good Fortune he moved to Gaza with his
German wife and had five children they
survived we decided from the beginning
we live together and we die together
that's why we always slept on a mattress
on the floor in the middle of the
apartment where we thought it would be
safe but there really isn't any place
that is
safe in contrast Muhammad judah's story
is one of loss he was visiting family
when the war broke
out I lost a brother I lost my cousin
with her four children I also lost an
uncle with three
children and how were they
killed by the Israel
raids the housers were simply bombed
without warning and they were simply
killed the story of Dr Abu nadas is one
of of relief and regret head of vascular
medicine at the controversial alifa
hospital he knows where he's needed
most he wrote the kidney doesn't work
anymore he got the kidney from his wife
the kidney doesn't work anymore where
are you Mr doctor I need to see you I
need you I need you I have the message
on my cell phone I need you I can't help
him when I arrived in Berlin I had to
write an address
while I was writing down my address I
realized the address no longer existed
actually I no longer have an address the
whole region is gone yeah outside
families brought together by horror say
their
goodbyes some faced with returning to
normal life others with starting from
scratch